Update netlify adapter to integrate includeFiles and excludeFiles options (#515)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/beige-insects-hang.md

---
'@astrojs/netlify': minor
---

Adds `includedFiles` and `excludedFiles` configuration options. These allow extra files to be deployed in the SSR function bundle.

> When an Astro site using `server` or `hybrid` rendering is deployed to Netlify, the generated functions trace the server dependencies and include any that may be needed in SSR. However, sometimes you may want to include extra files that are not detected as dependencies, such as files that are loaded using `fs` functions. Also, you may sometimes want to specifically exclude dependencies that are bundled automatically. For example, you may have a Node module that includes a large binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an Astro site using on-demand rendering is deployed to Netlify, the generated functions trace the server dependencies and include any that may be needed in SSR. However, sometimes you may want to include extra files that are not detected as dependencies, such as files that are loaded using `fs` functions. Also, you may sometimes want to specifically exclude dependencies that are bundled automatically. For example, you may have a Node module that includes a large binary.
```
Noting that `hybrid` does not exist as a "code" word anymore (and, I'm not sure we use it casually?)

> The `includedFiles` and `excludedFiles` options allow you specify these inclusions and exclusions as an array of file paths relative to the site root. Both options support glob patterns, so you can include/exclude multiple files at once.

Reviewer: I've made a note (in the Docs PR) that this content did not make it into the docs PR, but should!

> If you are specifying files using filesystem functions, resolve the path using `path.resolve()` or `process.cwd()`, which will give you the site root. At runtime, compiled source files will be in a different location and you cannot rely on relative file paths.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this will work in this PR, because it doesn't do chdir

Reviewer: I can't speak to the tech, but will note:
- this feels a bit too detailed for a changelog
- if someone needs an explanation like this to use the feature, it must be in docs itself

Author: Changelogs update -> https://github.com/withastro/adapters/pull/515/commits/5557cc0f2f6336029e6459b34726b4c7142feb9f
